Building and deploying the sample (#911)
knative/docs: serving/samples/helloworld-java/README.md

     for your app.
   - Automatically scale your pods up and down (including to zero active pods).

> 1. To find the IP address for your service, use. 

Reviewer: Not yours, but it would be great to update the sentence here.

s/use. /use the following command:

>    **Note**

Reviewer: I'd like to move `Note` right after the shell command.

   xxxxxxx-ingressgateway   LoadBalancer   10.23.247.74   35.203.155.229   80:32380/TCP,443:32390/TCP,32400:32400/TCP   2d
   ```

   **Note**

>    If your cluster is new, it may take sometime for the service to get asssigned an external IP address. Instead of rerunning the command, you can add `--watch` to the command below to view the component's status updates in real time. Use CTRL+C to exit watch mode. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If your cluster is new, it may take some time for the service to get assigned an external IP address. Instead of rerunning the command, you can add `--watch` to the command below to view the component's status updates in real time. Use CTRL+C to exit watch mode. 
```

Author: @samodell Accepting your suggested change appears to have brought back the cla: no label. Will you please suggest how we could go about getting the cla: yes label back?
